---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_aggregation Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Scheduled event configuration resource
---

# m3ter_aggregation (Resource)

Scheduled event configuration resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aggregation` (String) Specifies the computation method applied to usage data collected in targetField.
- `custom_fields` (Dynamic) User defined fields enabling you to attach custom data. The value for a custom field can be either a string or a number.
- `meter_id` (String) The UUID of the Meter used as the source of usage data for the Aggregation.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the Aggregation.
- `quantity_per_unit` (Number) Defines how much of a quantity equates to 1 unit. Used when setting the price per unit for billing purposes - if charging for kilobytes per second (KiBy/s) at rate of $0.25 per 500 KiBy/s, then set quantityPerUnit to 500 and price Plan at $0.25 per unit.
- `rounding` (String) Specifies how you want to deal with non-integer, fractional number Aggregation values.
- `target_field` (String) Code of the target dataField or derivedField on the Meter used as the basis for the Aggregation.
- `unit` (String) User defined label for units shown for Bill line items, indicating to your customers what they are being charged for.

### Optional

- `code` (String) Code of the new Aggregation. A unique short code to identify the Aggregation.
- `default_value` (Number) Aggregation value used when no usage data is available to be aggregated.
- `segmented_fields` (List of String) Used when creating a segmented Aggregation, which segments the usage data collected by a single Meter. Works together with segments.
- `segments` (List of Map of String) Used when creating a segmented Aggregation, which segments the usage data collected by a single Meter. Works together with segmentedFields.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number.
