---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_meter Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Meter resource
---

# m3ter_meter (Resource)

Meter resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code` (String) Code of the Meter - unique short code used to identify the Meter.
- `custom_fields` (Dynamic) User defined fields enabling you to attach custom data. The value for a custom field can be either a string or a number.
- `data_fields` (Attributes List) Used to submit categorized raw usage data values for ingest into the platform - either numeric quantitative values or non-numeric data values. At least one required per Meter; maximum 15 per Meter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_fields))
- `derived_fields` (Attributes List) Used to submit usage data values for ingest into the platform that are the result of a calculation performed on dataFields, customFields, or system Timestamp fields. Raw usage data is not submitted using derivedFields. Maximum 15 per Meter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--derived_fields))
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the Meter.

### Optional

- `group_id` (String) UUID of the group the Meter belongs to. (Optional).
- `product_id` (String) UUID of the product the Meter belongs to. (Optional) - if left blank, the Meter is global.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Meter identifier
- `version` (Number) Meter version

<a id="nestedatt--data_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_fields`

Required:

- `category` (String) The field type, which defines the type of data collected in the field.
- `code` (String) Short code to identify the field
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the field

Optional:

- `unit` (String) The units to measure the data with. Should conform to Unified Code for Units of Measure (UCUM). Required only for numeric field categories.


<a id="nestedatt--derived_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `derived_fields`

Required:

- `calculation` (String) The calculation used to transform the value of submitted dataFields in usage data. Calculation can reference dataFields, customFields, or system Timestamp fields.
- `category` (String) The field type, which defines the type of data collected in the field.
- `code` (String) Short code to identify the field
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the field

Optional:

- `unit` (String) The units to measure the data with. Should conform to Unified Code for Units of Measure (UCUM). Required only for numeric field categories.
