---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_organization_config Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Organization config resource
---

# m3ter_organization_config (Resource)

Organization config resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "m3ter_organization_config" "org_config" {
  timezone                     = "UTC"
  year_epoch                   = "2022-01-01"
  month_epoch                  = "2022-01-01"
  week_epoch                   = "2022-01-01"
  day_epoch                    = "2022-01-01"
  currency                     = "USD"
  days_before_bill_due         = 10
  auto_generate_statement_mode = "JSON_AND_CSV"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auto_generate_statement_mode` (String) The auto generate statement mode.
- `commitment_fee_bill_in_advance` (Boolean) Boolean flag that sets the Commitment Fee as a bill in advance.
- `consolidate_bills` (Boolean) Boolean flag that consolidates Bills.
- `credit_application_order` (List of String) The credit application order.
- `currency` (String) The currency code for the Organization. For example: USD, GBP, or EUR.
- `currency_conversions` (Attributes List) Define currency conversion rates from pricing currency to billing currency (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--currency_conversions))
- `day_epoch` (String) Optional setting that defines the billing cycle date for Accounts that are billed daily. Defines the date of the first Bill and then acts as reference for when subsequent Bills are created for the Account.
- `days_before_bill_due` (Number) The number of days after the Bill generation date that you want to show on Bills as the due date.
- `default_statement_definition_id` (String) The default Statement Definition ID.
- `external_invoice_date` (String) The date on which the external invoice is generated.
- `minimum_spend_bill_in_advance` (Boolean) Boolean flag that sets the Minimum Spend as a bill in advance.
- `month_epoch` (String) Optional setting that defines the billing cycle date for Accounts that are billed monthly. Defines the date of the first Bill and then acts as reference for when subsequent Bills are created for the Account.
- `scheduled_bill_interval` (Number) Sets the required interval for updating bills.
- `sequence_start_number` (Number) The sequence start number.
- `standing_charge_bill_in_advance` (Boolean) Boolean flag that sets the Standing Charge as a bill in advance.
- `suppressed_empty_bills` (Boolean) Boolean flag that suppresses the generation of empty Bills.
- `timezone` (String) Specifies the time zone used for the generated Bills, ensuring alignment with the local time zone.
- `week_epoch` (String) Optional setting that defines the billing cycle date for Accounts that are billed weekly. Defines the date of the first Bill and then acts as reference for when subsequent Bills are created for the Account.
- `year_epoch` (String) Optional setting that defines the billing cycle date for Accounts that are billed yearly. Defines the date of the first Bill and then acts as reference for when subsequent Bills are created for the Account.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Organization identifier
- `version` (Number) Organization version

<a id="nestedatt--currency_conversions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `currency_conversions`

Required:

- `from` (String) Currency to convert from. For example: GBP.
- `multiplier` (Number) Conversion rate between currencies.
- `to` (String) Currency to convert to. For example: USD.
