---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "m3ter_pricing Resource - m3ter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Pricing resource
---

# m3ter_pricing (Resource)

Pricing resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pricing_bands` (Attributes List) The pricing bands of the pricing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pricing_bands))
- `start_date` (String) The start date (in ISO-8601 format) for when the Pricing starts to be active for the Plan of Plan Template.

### Optional

- `aggregation_id` (String) UUID of the Aggregation used to create the Pricing. Use this when creating a Pricing for a segmented aggregation.
- `code` (String) Unique short code for the Pricing.
- `compound_aggregation_id` (String) UUID of the Compound Aggregation used to create the Pricing.
- `cumulative` (Boolean) Controls whether or not charge rates under a set of pricing bands configured for a Pricing are applied according to each separate band or at the highest band reached.
- `description` (String) Displayed on Bill line items.
- `end_date` (String) The end date (in ISO-8601 format) for when the Pricing ceases to be active for the Plan or Plan Template.
- `minimum_spend` (Number) The minimum spend amount per billing cycle for end customer Accounts on a Plan to which the Pricing is applied.
- `minimum_spend_bill_in_advance` (Boolean) When TRUE, minimum spend is billed at the start of each billing period.

When FALSE, minimum spend is billed at the end of each billing period.
- `minimum_spend_description` (String) Minimum spend description (displayed on the bill line item).
- `overage_pricing_bands` (Attributes List) Specify Prepayment/Balance overage pricing in pricing bands for the case of a Tiered pricing structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--overage_pricing_bands))
- `plan_id` (String) UUID of the Plan the Pricing is created for.
- `plan_template_id` (String) UUID of the Plan Template the Pricing is created for.
- `segment` (Map of String) Specifies the segment value which you are defining a Pricing for using this call.
- `tiers_span_plan` (Boolean) If TRUE, usage accumulates over the entire period the priced Plan is active for the account, and is not reset for pricing band rates at the start of each billing period.

If FALSE, usage does not accumulate, and is reset for pricing bands at the start of each billing period.
- `type` (String) The type of the pricing.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the entity.
- `version` (Number) The version number.

<a id="nestedatt--pricing_bands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pricing_bands`

Required:

- `fixed_price` (Number)
- `lower_limit` (Number)
- `unit_price` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--overage_pricing_bands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `overage_pricing_bands`

Required:

- `fixed_price` (Number)
- `lower_limit` (Number)
- `unit_price` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
